Update README.md (#7)
bhftbootcamp/AgTables.jl: frontend/README.md

# AgTables

> AgTables integrates React and is bundled using Webpack. This project provides a collection of lightweight chart components designed for use in Julia applications.

Author: ```suggestion
AgTables integrates React and is bundled using Webpack. This project provides a collection of AG Grid table components designed for use in Julia applications.
```
